What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	1) An empty git repository is created, with all untracked files.
	2) We need to first initialize a repository to add and commit the untracked files to the git repository, so that
	   it can be accessed by anyone having access to the git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	1) Staging area is where the newly added or edited files present. Files in this area are going to be included in
	   the commit.
	2) It helps to seperate changes in the working directory into several commits, each commit consists of a
	   logical change to particular files.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	1) First add files that are related to a particular logical change you want to commit, this will stage the files.
	2) After making it sure the files are staged, make a commit. Next stage other files that are related to the another
	   logical change you want to commit, and so on.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	1) When you want to try adding an experimental feature while keeping your software working without breaking.
	   To do so, keep your master branch clean of any untested changes, instead make an experimental branch for
	   any new feature that needs experimenting.
	2) After the new functionality gets stable enough to go into the master branch, you could merge the experimental
	   branch into the master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	1) With using git log --graph (possibly with --oneline [branch names...]), you can easily tell how the whole branch
	   structure was developed and at which point each branch was actually created.
	2) That would give you the overview of the whole structure of the project you are working on, so that you can tell
	   what you are specifically focusing on and when and which branch to merge your work.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	
	1) All the commits in the second branch is merged into the first branch, and the resluting merge commit becomes the 
	   new head of your current branch.
	2) The diagram shown by git log --graph cleary shows the merged commit has two parents, which correspond to the prior
	   heads of each merged branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Pros:
		1) Saves your time, especially when each non-conflicting merge is trivial.
		2) Makes you concentrate on the changes which actually contain conflicts.

	Cons:
		1) Can't thnink of any definite ones. Maybe can make it easier to overlook the potentially dangerous situation
		   where two person are working on the same file at the same time.